Update the options' descriptions of the neo4j-admin commands according to the code (#1852)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/backup-restore/restore-backup.adoc

|--from-path=<path>[,<path>...]
|A single path or a comma-separated list of paths pointing to a backup artifact file.
An artifact file can be 1) a full backup, in which case it is restored directly or, 2) a differential backup, in which case the command tries first to find in the folder a backup chain ending at that specific differential backup and then restores that chain.

> It is possible to restore backups from AWS S3 buckets (from Neo4j 5.19), Google Cloud storage buckets (from Neo4j 5.21), and Azure buckets (from Neo4j 5.24).

Author: ```suggestion
It is possible to restore backups from AWS S3 buckets, Google Cloud storage buckets, and Azure buckets using the appropriate URI as the path.
```
